The three-day deadline is up.
Where's the medicine?
Your Majesty.
Shi Feifan deliberately stalled for time.
He might even be a spy from an enemy nation.
I beg Your Majesty to arrest Shi Feifan now.
And punish him severely.
Prince Qing really spins tales with his words.
He imagines a whole drama in his head.
It's a shame he doesn't act on stage.
Still stubborn even at death's door.
How did Your Highness know
I hadn't made the medicine yet?
Imperial Brother.
Zhi'er.
Why are you out? Be careful not to catch cold.
Imperial Brother.
Zhi'er took the medicine Shi Feifan prescribed.
She's much better now.
Zhi'er has been bedridden for days.
She wanted to get some fresh air.
How is that possible?
Impossible.
Doesn't Your Highness want the Princess to recover?
Of course not.
Luckily, I still have the prescription.
No worries about making money.
The Princess is cured.
I'm so happy I'm rambling.
Please forgive me, Your Majesty.
Your Majesty.
This details the method for making the medicine.
I offer it freely.
May Da Nan Chao's people be free from worry.
Good.
Prince Qing, this medicine
is best kept for yourself.
Why are you still standing here?
Wasn't the medicine stolen?
Who sent you here?
Not talking, huh?
Celestial Star Tower again.
Open your mouth.
With this medicine, in fifteen minutes
you'll bleed from every orifice and die.
Will you talk or not?
I...
I... I really don't know anything.
I only know someone told me to get the medicine
and deliver it to the four big medicine shops.
Please, I don't want to die.
This is the antidote.
But...
It's not exactly.
It contains Gu bugs I've raised carefully.
They can eat a person's heart and liver.
I'm begging you.
I've told you everything I know.
I don't know anything else.
Don't be afraid.
Go back and say
you've delivered the medicine.
As long as you behave,
the Gu bug will leave your body in seven days.
It'll be expelled automatically.
Understand?
Yes, yes.
Do you understand?
I understand.
Young Duke.
You really know Gu magic?
What, want to see it?
This is it.
Young Duke, don't eat it carelessly.
Spit it out quickly!
This...
This is my new creation.
Compound Mylise.
It's full of vitamins.
You try it too.
Alright, I'll stop teasing you.
Send more people.
Investigate quickly
who the Master of Celestial Star Tower is.
Yes.
You are...
Someone sent me to deliver medicine.
So you're a guest sent by the Master.
Please, come in.
Master.
Master said
this medicine is only for you, Mr. Zhao.
Once this medicine is released,
its price will be immeasurable.
Please wait a moment.
Thank you, Master.
A face with sharp features.
Thick, rebellious eyebrows.
Long, slightly curled eyelashes.
A handsome, straight nose.
And...
Is it good-looking?
No.
Then why stare for so long?
People often say
a life-saving favor should be repaid with marriage.
The Princess is different.
She won't even praise me once.
Such nice weather.
I should've taken you somewhere nice.
Where to?
You'll know once you recover.
For now, let's exercise.
Let's go.
Come on, follow me.
Stretch out.
That's right.
Just like that.
What a perfect couple they are.
Youth is wonderful.
Yes, they're a great match.
That's right.
What are you doing?
Turn around.
Turn.
Aren't they just exercising?
The Young Duke often takes me to exercise too.
But...
The Princess is better at it.
Do it again.
The Young Duke isn't even using a whip.
Ping'an.
Looks like you'll never get married.
It's tough.
You should find a chance to talk to His Majesty.
A beauty in white, breeze rising.
Where in the world isn't there a fairy?
Young Duke, you're here.
Come.
All set.
Here.
Ping'an.
Serve the dishes.
Alright, alright.
What dishes are we serving, Young Duke?
Doesn't matter what dishes.
Hurry, hurry!
Such a beautiful view, let's have a drink.
Wait.
Is this the surprise you prepared for me?
Do you like it?
I do.
Fanner's mother,
our Fanner
has grown up.
Fanner has grown up.
Your Majesty.
Minister Shi, you arrived just in time.
It's been a long time since we played chess together.
Come, come.
Thank you, Your Majesty.
How should I say it
so it doesn't sound forced or careless?
Minister Shi, help me take a look.
Did I win?
Congratulations, Your Majesty.
Minister Shi, your chess skills are getting worse.
But your skill at raising a son has improved.
The Duke's Mansion has done well this time.
Tell me, what reward do you want?
Your Majesty, please grant a marriage.
Minister Shi has been widowed for a long time.
It's time to remarry.
Your Majesty, you misunderstood.
Please grant the Princess to my foolish son.
The Princess's Consort
must be the most outstanding consort.
If Young Duke Shi wants to be the consort,
he should keep improving himself.